There are a couple things I would need to clarify? Does a text/email notifiying the user
that they need to check their account because it's urgent count as a paper trail?  
If that is acceptable then we could use technologies like Confide which is a messaging application
that prevents screenshots,recording, or capturing the message in most ways, then after the message
has been opened it deletes itself.  This would be useful for notifiying a user that they need to check
their account urgently. This is one possible solution.

Additionally, we could set up a time with the user to check their account everyday like 12:00pm and 7:00pm, this way
we can communicate everyday easily without any trouble and only need to account for absolutely urgent scenarios that 
don't fit in these time windows.  If that's the case we could send a "code notification" like a weather report. 
(i.e. If early enough in the day we send them a weather report for the day at 8:00am, 10:43am, etc... or the following days weather
report if the time is later 8:00pm, 11:29pm, etc... to an outside observer these are meaningless and convey relatively useless information
but to user they are instantly aware that they need to log in to their account as soon as possible)

Lastly, I think the possibility of having a paper trail wouldn't be as harmful if we utilized simple technologies like PGP.
We could send very secure emails encrypted with the users public key in which they could decrypt with their private keys, and 
send information back via the same manner with the companies public key.  Granted, we do run the risk of having information exposed 
if the private keys ever are found.  The possibility of true "hacking" in it's conventional sense would be very slim, however, 
again this method could be hacked via social engineering to gain access to user's computer to gain personal keys. We could possibly
combat this attack by having the user change their keys regularly (every 2 months). 

These are the best solutions that I was able to come up with.  It was difficult, because I was trying to think of a way, in which I couldn't 
successfully attack and I found that most ways were vulnerable via either screen shot or recording.  I hope these work haha, tough question!

